Let me introduce you to Linda, the designer.
I'm sure you all know
From now on, he will be the chief designer of Yan's Group
And the head of the design department
He will also represent the next design competition
Oh my gosh, this is the international designer leader
I finally met my true self
You are me, not like me
The opportunity to work with him
I'm not dreaming
I'm sure everyone knows who I am
If you don't know, you can search online by yourself.
I won't waste everyone's time
Introduce yourself here
Start now.
I'm responsible for leading the design of the anorexia group
I am a very practical person
Don't look at your backstage.
It doesn't depend on your education.
I only look at ability
As long as you are capable enough
You can stay social
Otherwise, leave me immediately
My men have no waste
I heard it all
Hello Gu Nuannuan Linda
I am Gu Nuannuan.
I have seen your work
I really appreciate your design.
Hopefully in this World Series
You can get better grades
I will definitely live up to your expectations.
My latest work
You have a good eye.
Hope your eyes
Can be as good as your strength
I'll try.
Do I really want to get up?
Will not be an internationally renowned designer
So oppressive.
Miss Gu
Linda speaks bluntly
That's okay.
I'm glad Linda only sees strength
Come on.
Gu Qingqing, I will definitely ruin your reputation this time.